INT. big lecture hall: morning.

ARTHUR is writing on a piece of paper intently.

Insert shot of paper, WORKING TITLE is shown.

ARTHUR flips note from section saying ASTR 132 to PSYCH 196.

Int. Psychology Seminar: Mid-Day.

Professor voices and ARTHUR taking notes.

ARTHUR flips notebook from section saying PSYCH 196 to ART 20 Photography.

INT. Photography Seminar.: Afternoon.

ARTHUR is taking a photo out of his notebook to turn in to his PROFESSOR.

When he approaches the professor and hands in the photos he catches a glimpse of a FEMALE STUDENT.

They exchange glances.

CUT TO:

INT. Darkroom: Afternoon

ARTHUR is seen walking out of darkroom tucking in his shirt and fixing his pants.

INT. DORM HALLWAY

As ARTHUR walks to his room he runs into Jen his building's RA.

JEN

Hey Arthur, how are you?

ARTHUR

(not wanting to bother with her, but keeping face to avoid seeming rude feeling superior, not necessary annoyed)

Fine.

Jen

Keeping up with all of your classes alright?

ARTHUR

Fine.

Jen

You know that if you ever feel overwhelmed you can talk with people about it.

ARTHUR

Jen, just because I'm taking six classes doesn't mean I'm having trouble, so please mind your own business.


int. apartment: Evening

Wine is being poured as ARTHUR and Friends talk about their upcoming schedules.

FRIEND #1

Shit, Man! Midterms got me feelin some type of wayyy. I got so much work to do this week, I don't know how the hell I'm gonna get through it all.

Walter

Yeah, it feels like the more years I spend here, the more stuff I gotta worry about....

FRIEND #1

But it is manageable! Look at ARTHUR, dude juggles a hundred things but somehow is able to keep up with everything like its nothin'. How the hell can you do all that?

ARTHUR

I consider it like the mental equivalent of a balanced breakfast. Each little activity is like an ingredient doing its part to keep you active. If your not doing everything, you minus-well be doing nothing.

FRIEND #1

Yeah..... But when do you sleep?

ARTHUR

I don't sleep.

Awkward pause, music fades into nighttime sound.

INT. Arthur's Dorm room: Late night

  ARTHUR is studying on his bed in silence. Book in hand, eyes open wide, focused on the text.

Several hours pass. Timelapse?

Arthur begins to do laundry, ironing all of the clothes after they come out the dryer.

An hour later he prepares his meals for the rest of the week.

He finally lays down to sleep. Stoic face as time passes till morning.

INT. ARTHUR'S DORM ROOM: early Morning

Arthur puts a lunch box with a label reading "Tuesday" into his backpack.

ext. Outside Physics class

Arthur pulls his his "Tuesday" lunchbox out of his backpack, also a physics paper.

Insert shot of test, 98%
Other paper enters frame, with 100%

WALTER is standing next to Arthur, super pumped for the both of them. Lifts up hand for high five

walter

Dude, we totally killed it! That study session helped so much!

Arthur hesitates with the high five, then slaps his hand. Hard.

Arthur

(devastated)

Yeah, I can't believe I forgot that negative sign though.

Walter

Ahh whatever man, we both aced that shit!

Arthur putting on a fake smile

ARTHUR

Yeah, who am I kidding. See you tonight?

WALTER

Yeah man, beers on me!

INT. POETRY SEMINAR

Close up of EDGAR's I <3 UCSC Literature button tracks out to reveal small poetry seminar. STUDENT recites poem Don't go quietly into the night. ARTHUR sits, crossed over WALTER's better grade.

Int. Arthur's Dorm room

Arthur is laying in bed stone faced, starting his nightly ritual of not sleeping again. Eyes droop and close briefly, snap open and Arthur gets out of bed.

int. Walter's room

Walter's door opens, Arthur comes in, strangles him.

Arthur drags Walters body off of bed and onto floor. Dragging him more, Walters sweatshirt comes off. Walter drags the body and closes the door, ending the scene.

INT. ARTHUR'S DORM ROOM, Morning

Fade into Arthur waking up.

Gets out of bed. Looks around. Finds Walter's sweatshirt on his floor. He realizes what he has done and he is horrified. His phone rings, notifying him that he is late to class, so he quickly throws the sweatshirt in his closet and runs out the door.

EXt. walking to class

Arthur is distressed over his killing of Walter, but he suddenly realizes how happy and relieved he is feeling.

INT. BIG LECTURE HALL: MORNING.

Arthur continues being happy.

INT. PSYCHOLOGY SEMINAR: MID-DAY.

FRIEND #1

Hey, Arthur have you seen Walter? He didn't show up to lecture this morning.

ARTHUR

(Not sure, but still hollow)

I think he went on a trip.

FRIEND #2

Oh yeah, I think he said something about going home to see his folks or something.

Arthur looking pleased with himself

ARTHUR

(Relieved)

Oh, thats right. He did. He was complaining about the trafic to Santa Barbra.

FRIEND #2

Isn't he from Humbolt?

ARTHUR

He moved.

Int. Photo class

AIDEN and ARTHUR are packing up their camera equipment and talking about class.

aiden

You shoot pretty well. I like the contrast in the shadows on that last one.

ARTHUR

 Oh thank you, I really like the way they came out.

AIDEN

Yeah me too.....But I noticed a little distortion in the foreground, you should consider camera distance when you're in the field. Beginers often get tripped up with that.

ARTHUR

(Defensive)

Yeah that was on purpose.I was going for--

AIDEN

(Interrupting)

I know you're not a photo major so I'll do you a solid and help you out. Check out the 70-200mm, its pretty fast too. Here check mine out.

AIDEN pulls out the lens and shows it off to ARTHUR.

ARTHUR

(Stoic)

Wow. Fancy...

AIDEN

Yeah just ordered on B&H. My buddy Rick got me a sweet deal on one.

AIDEN walks out like a smug bastard. Arthur is displeased and embarrassed.

CUT TO:

Int. Random Hallway

AIDEN is getting his head smash in a doorway repeatedly by ARTHUR. After the murder ARTHUR heads to bed.


Ext. Arthurs dorm: Morning

ARTHUR opens the door and walks out, putting the 70-200 into his camera bag. #NEW SWAG

ExT. Walking to class: Morning

Cue Motown Music for Montage

ARTHUR is walking to class when a bicyclist listening to music blitzes past him at speed, splashing water from a puddle onto him. ARTHUR looks displeased.

EXT. WALKING TO CLASS: EVENING

ARTHUR is waiting by the side of the road for CYCLIST to return. Upon seeing him approaching, ARTHUR winds up for a swing with a large stick, knocking CYCLIST clear to the ground.

EXT. WALKING TO CLASS

ARTHUR is riding the bike now, happy as can be.

INT. DORM Hallway

ARTHUR opens and props the door to hi room, JEN walks by through an adjacent hallway, turns and waves to ARTHUR, he waves back. After she's left, he turns and drags a dead body out of his room.

INT. DARKROOM: AFTERNOON

ARTHUR is engaged in coitis canis with CONQUEST over the darkroom table. In the throes of passion, her face gets moved dangerously close to a tray of chemical developer. Upon seeing the opportunity, ARTHUR's face drops expression, and he slowly reaches out and pushes her face into the developer, melting it off.

ARTHUR leaves the darkroom, placing CONQUEST's pendant around his neck.

INT. House: Night

ARTHUR is socializing with KENNY, his friend from the fencing club, when an impromptu demonstration ensues. Upon displaying his fascination with the violence of the sport, ARTHUR borrows the sabre from KENNY, and after investigating it, slashes KENNY's neck.

INT. ARTHUR'S DORM ROOM: mid-day

ARTHUR sheaths his new sabre, adding the bundle to the growing mass of trophies in his room.

ARTHUR leaves his room, jubilant.

Outside, JEN is going into her room.

End Music.

jen

Hey Arthur! You look happy!

ARTHUR

Hi Jen! Yeah, I've been having a good week, been getting a lot of sleep, took up a new hobby.

jen

Wow, that's great. What've you been doing?

ARTHUR

I started up a collection.

jen

Oh, that's cool? Of what?

ARTHUR

This and that. Various nick-knacks and tchotchkes.

jen

(Concerned)

Well, that's interesting. I'd love to see it sometime.

ARTHUR

(Upon realizing he could kill JEN)

Sure! Come by any time. I've got section now, but some time later.

ARTHUR walks away, ecsatatic at his newfound opportunity.

int. POETRY SEMINAR

Class is talking and joking around EDGAR is no where to be found. ARTHUR walks in towards camera, showing the I <3 UCSC Literature button on his breast, the class appears startled by his entrance.

STUDENT #1

(Startled)

Oh, it's only you.

ARTHUR

Only me? What do you mean?

STUDENT #2

Edgar hasn't showed up yet.

Student #3

I'm not paying $35,000 a year for some lazy TA not to show up for class. I'm paying his salary, he should be here.

Student #1

Lay off him, man.

STUDENT #2

Yeah, I'm sure he's just sick or something.

STUDENT #3

He could have at least sent an email. I could have been studying for some other class.

STUDENT #2

Don't lie, you'd just have hung out in your apartment and gotten high.

STUDENT #3

Well, that's probably what he's doing. And you say that like it'd stop me from studying.

student #1

You guys study while high?

STUDENT #2

Maybe he pulled a Thoreau? Just went off into the woods?

ARTHUR

(Hysterical)

Hah, somebody check the lake!

Class erupts into bounteous laughter.

EXT. woods, lake: Evening

EDGAR's body floats away from the shore slowly, face down.

Int Arthurs Building

Arthur is sitting in his room, penning down a poem, emotionless. JEN knocks at his door. Arthur gets up and answers.

jen

Hey Arthur, finally caught you.

ARTHUR

(Laughs)

Yeah, yeah you did. Come on in. Have a seat.

INT. ARTHUR'S DORM ROOM

Arthur walks around his room, pacing between his stolen items. Each one will be important, and signifying a kill. Custom shoes too big for him, clearly womens jewelry, a noogle (new google employee) prop beenie. All with a plastic bag hung up by pins in the middle of the wall. Arthur mentiones all the items were verry special and important (but dosen't say to him)

jen

Why is there a plastic bag on the wall?

ARTHUR

(Excited ton)

I'm so glad you should ask JEN. This item is very important to me.

Jen

And why is that

ARTHUR punches her in the face, grabs bag and puts it over her head.

ARTHUR

I'm using it to fucking murder you!

INT. ARTHUR'S DORM ROOM

ARTHUR goes about his routine, preparing for the day ahead. He gathers his meal, packs his bag (with the excellent grades held there in), lovingly observes all of his new possessions.

There is a knock on the door.

Peaking through the peep hole he sees WALTER.

ARTHUR

(under his breath)

What the hell?!

Opens the door.

WALTER

Hey man! Heard you were holding on to my sweatshirt. Thanks for that.

ARTHUR

What the hell happened to you?!

WALTER

(slightly bewildered)

Surgery. They had to fix my left eye; didn't I tell you?

WALTER brushes past ARTHUR and picks up his sweatshirt off of a metal coat hanger.

ARTHUR looks around over his numerous possissions.

WALTER

So yeah. Thanks for holding on to this for me.

ARTHUR'S gaze centers on WALTER. ARTHUR closes the door.

ARTHUR

I think I'll be keeping that.

Walter

What?

ARTHUR punches WALTER square in the face causing WALTER to fall back onto the bed, his nose bloody and broken. ARTHUR jumps on WALTER, forcing the sweatshirt into WALTER'S mouth acting as a gag. ARTHUR grabs the coat hanger and digs it into WALTER'S left eye. Blood spurts from the wound as WALTER struggles, his screams muffled. They struggle desperately. ARTHUR finally smashes WALTER'S head down on the bed, causing the hanger to puncture back through WALTER'S head and into his brain. Killing WALTER.

ARTHUR looks around at all of his possessions.

INT. POETRY SEMINAR

What few students haven't been killed off are seated in a semi-circle and the teacher sits off to the side, silently judging. ARTHUR stands before the class.

ARTHUR

[The] threats of [my perfection,] gone.
[You would not believe] what I confess.
The familiar faces you see are no more
Than bodies scrambling along the earth.
Do you notice [they are] missing?
The piss poor stains of humanity
[Who filled] the emptiness of my existence? Powerful lusts of remorseless passion
Time and time again build from restlessness.
When control has toppled down,
The result is ultimately [sleep.]
Mine temporary, yours eternal.
Though, to cap the emotions of a heart's desire,
Would be an abomination to nature's [gifted] pleasure.

ARTHUR looks at his peers, searching for a response. One by one they begin that fucking annoying poet clap thing where they snap their fingers.

STUDENT #1

Aw yeah man, that was tight.

STUDENT #3

Totally, I how it was a commentary on Marxism and shit.

Their voices drown out as ARTHUR realizes the gulf between their understanding and his poem. He looks to the teacher, who has gotten up and is walking towards him.

TEACHER

That was utterly brilliant, the best student work I've seen in my life.

ARTHUR

(hesitant)

Thank you, sir.

EXT. WALKING TO CLASS

ARTHUR is disturbed from his failure to communicate his guilt at the poetry seminar. He stops at a cross walk. A fellow student is waiting just a step in front of him. He looks to one side and sees a car begin to move; he looks back to the student. As the car approaches he looks between them, the faces forward, smiles and/

END CREDITS


